# Agricultural_Waste_Management-mini-project
As the demand for animal products such a milk, meat, etc. has increased, producers have found ways to increase productivity and decrease the unit cost of production. Fossil fuels, inorganic fertilizer, pesticides, improved genetics of production species, better management techniques, and mechanization allowed productivity to increase to meet these demands. This has also meant concentration of more animals at each location. Confining some types of animals to houses or barns through all or most of their life cycle protects them from the weather and from predators and facilitates feeding, animal movement, and materials handling. Producers have benefited from economies of scale and product uniformity to provide the consumer with low-cost, high-quality meat and animal products. These housing and confinement facilities employ specialized systems for materials handling, feed distribution, and, in the case of dairy, product collection and processing. Because of the large scale of these facilities, specialized waste collection and management systems are required. The manure, litter and process wastewater contains nitrogen, phosphorus, and potassium that are useful to plants if managed properly but, along with other pollutants such as pathogens, metals, and pharmaceuticals, could pollute the environment or harm human health if not handled properly. When properly applied to crop land as fertilizer, nutrients are used by crops, and other materials are generally rendered harmless in the soil. The purpose of waste management is to protect the environment and the public by keeping manure and contaminated waters out of surface and ground water and controlling application of manure nutrients to crop land such that nutrients are available in the right quantity, at the right time and at the right place.

The main objective of this project is to the most obvious impacts of rapidly increasing urbanization and economic development can be witnessed in the form of heaps of municipal solid waste. Apart from the contamination of water resources and severe air pollution due to the open burning of solid waste, the health hazard is another key issue to be addressed. Solid-waste management has become an important issue in the Asia-Pacific region, and it needs to be resolved through an integrated community, private sector, and policy-based approach. Since recognizing the significance of solidwaste management, the government has been organizing multi-country workshops, seminars, and conferences to discuss related issues and problems in member countries and devise solutions.

In this project we are proposing a solution to avoiding the agricultural wastage with android application implemented in java, the proposed application is flexible to use any one. the proposed application contains the formers, transportation, and small-scale industries. this application will make interaction between the all the type of users and it will solve the problem.

This project emphasizes the effective and efficient ways of monitoring environmental waste with the interaction of transporters, farmers and industries in such a manner that guarantee healthy living and disease-free society resulting from improper management of solid or organic waste from their sources. The solid waste management system provides a spatial view of the waste collection tanks. It provides detail information about refuse for easy reporting and administrative control of solid waste; prevent overflow and eventual blocking of drainages. The use of the waste management system will help in mitigating the effect and risk that are mostly experience as a result of careless handling of this waste and the collection sites. It will also aid the prompt delivery of the services of the environmental unit of the local government areas in country.
